Northridge Systems RCP/M - XBBS v2.3

User Numbers:
     When you log on (1st time) you are given a user number.
This will allow you a quicker log on the next time you call.
If you should forget it, just enter your name and it'll be
given to you again. About once a month the user list will be
purged. At this time your user number will change. If you call
and enter your old number and get-> Welcome back, Jane Doe
and since you are John Doe you know that isn't right, at the
password prompt, a carriage return will take you back to the
name prompt. Enter your name and get your new user number.

Message system:

  Scanning-
          There are 2 ways of entering the scan mode.
1) At the command prompt enter an S and then answer the
   question as to the number.

2) At the command prompt enter an S followed by a simicolon
   and the message number you want to start the scan at. Ie. S;1

Both methods will respond with a listing of 20 messages; followed
by a sub-command prompt. Help is available on that line.

   Message retrieval-
          The same applies here as above with a couple of
   acceptions.
1) At the command prompt enter an R and then answer the number
   question as to where to start. You'll be given 1 message at
   a time, followed by a sub-command prompt. There is help
   available on this line.

2) At the command prompt enter an R followed by a simicolon
   and the message number. Ie  R;1  Same result as above.
   No + is needed!!!

3) At the command prompt enter an R followed by a simicolon
   and the know message numbers. Ie  R;1;4;6;8;9
   This will start a mass retreival of those messages, 1 at
   a time. To get the next in line just answer the sum-command
   with a M  The next message will then be displayed.

Killing:

   If you are allowed to kill a message, there are two ways of
   doing that. Each one message at a time. 

1) From the command line either a K followed by answering the
   number question; or a K;1 will kill message number 1.

2) While in the message retreival, at the sub-command line you
   can kill the currently displayed message. However, be it
   known that this will (as written now) take you out of the
   retreive mode and return you to the main command line.
   This applies to the mass retreive as well. I plan on changing
   that in v2.3.

The rest is self explanatory. Any question or comments, please
leave me a comment upon exiting the system. I hope you enjoy
this new system.

                        Robert Crump
                        Sysop, Northridge Systems
